[exciting opening theme music plays]
[guard 1] Zero Block.
This is A-Block calling. Over.
[guard 2] Zero Block here.
Go ahead, A-Block, over.
[guard 1] I now have visual
confirmation on Baki Hanma.
Over.
[guard 2] Roger. Report in detail. Over.
[guard 1] Currently, the shooting squad
has apprehended Baki Hanma.
It looks like the warden
is giving him a lecture. Over.
[guard 2 chuckles] That's probably
gonna be a long lecture.
Just keep on monitoring
the situation for now. Over.
Roger that.
I'm on it. I'll keep monitoring.
Over.
[guard 2] Good luck. Over and out.
[warden] Look at you, acting all tough.
Even in this pickle
you've gotten yourself into,
you claim you can be like Unchained,
utterly unbound by anyone and anything
that might try to hold you back.
Let me guess, you believe that
you can get out of this situation as well.
Is that what's going on here?
[Baki] Pretty much.
Then I guess things
just got more interesting.
[cocking guns]
[guard 1] The shooting squad's
surrounded Baki Hanma now. Over.
[guard 2] Wow. How nice of them. Over.
All right, how 'bout now?
Yeah.
[gun cocks]
[chuckles]
Well, call me curious,
what makes you believe that might be true?
I mean, how do you think that you could
possibly escape this predicament?
'Cause I already did.
Oh yeah--
[gasps]
I broke 'em a few minutes ago.
You see now?
[gasps in confusion]
But when?
When you got close enough
to enter my personal space.
That's when.
-[dramatic sting]
-[whipcrack]
[gasps]
Can't be.
And it wasn't just you either.
[intriguing music playing]
[clattering]
There are six shooters
surrounding me right now.
I took the second button off each of them.
[all gasp]
I mean, from right here.
I swiped all the shirt buttons
that sit right in front
of the weakest point on a person's torso.
[guards gasping]
Huh?
-[gasps]
-[dramatic sting]
[guard 1] They're sure taking
their sweet time.
From the very moment you surrounded me,
your entire plan was doomed to failure.
[dramatic sting]
Your arrogance,
bolstered by the faith in your guns,
led you to get too close to me.
[guards gasping]
-[Baki] Even now…
-[gasps]
…if any one of the men here were to
actually pull the trigger on their gun,
and they couldn't
accurately hit my cerebellum,
which controls
my motor reflexes and nerves,
I'd definitely be able to make a move.
Of course, in that case,
I'd be taking much more than just buttons.
[dramatic music playing]
Maybe I'll deliver
a crushing kick to the groin,
or I'll gouge out their throat,
or I could pierce their philtrum.
That's the part above the lip.
Either way, at least two
of the six gunmen will die.
Plus, I'd be willing to bet
none of these guys here actually know
the precise location of the cerebellum.
[warden growls]
-[chuckles] What are you talking about?
-[guard grunts]
If you're shot in the head or the heart,
you'll die right then and there.
It's common sense.
[guards grunting nervously]
It's time to stop listening
to the stupid nonsense
this child is spouting.
Go on, boys, shoot him in the knee
and teach him a lesson.
[unsettling sting]
[guards grunting in fear]
They can't bring themselves to do it.
That's bad news for you, Warden.
[growling in frustration]
[Baki] You see, they understand.
They get that they are
actually the hostages in this situation.
Warden, I hate to be a bother,
but would you put
your arm around my shoulders?
[gasps]
Just the kind of thing
you'd do with your buddy.
So it comes across
as friendly to everyone watching.
[gasps in shock]
Now!
[grunts in shock]
[dramatic sting]
[narrator] It was
the first case in history
of gun-wielding officers
controlled by an unarmed criminal.
[suspenseful music plays]
[guard 1 laughs] Man…
Now we'll see
what the warden's really made of.
[guard 2] What's going on down there?
Eh, nothing.
Everyone's goin' on a friendly picnic.
[guard 2] Picnic-- Oh, I get it.
[chuckles] Guess the warden's
a nice guy after all.
[music continues]
[warden grunts in agitation]
Open it up!
[doors clunking, whirring]
[doors clunk]
[whirring]
[narrator] At the  direction
of the capricious warden,
the remaining two doors…
[doors whirring]
…opened without hesitation.
[doors clunk]
Baki was clearly Unchained.
And, game over.
[gasps]
Inmate Baki Hanma returning.
So, cuff me.
[warden growls in agitation]
Are you trying to insult us?
All I really wanted was to find out
if I'd actually be able to pull it off.
Oh, I see.
So you've succeeded in becoming Unchained.
Is that it?
You're not gonna congratulate me?
[cuffs click]
[warden] Given my position,
I'm afraid I won't be able to do that.
[Baki chuckles]
-[guard] Doors opening!
-[all] Huh?
[doors clunking, whirring]
[vehicle approaching]
[gasps]
[motorcyle idles]
[dramatic music playing]
[Baki] Unchained…
[revving loudly]
[Oliva approaching]
[chuckles in admiration]
What, did you just give up on your escape?
Not an escape,
more like a field trip.
-Like I care what it is!
-[all gasp]
[warden] He's angry!
But Oliva never loses his temper!
But going on a walk
wasn't my goal with all this.
[Oliva] Hmm.
Yeah, so, what was your goal, then?
[grunts in fear]
[Baki] Um, Oliva,
does my freedom
bother you for some reason?
Do you really think
that you're on my level, huh, kid?
[cuffs jingling]
If I'm able to go outside
whenever I please,
without using any weapons…
and come back when I want,
what exactly is the difference
between you and me?
[Oliva growls]
Hey, Michael.
[gasps]
-[Oliva] Take off his cuffs.
-Huh?
[Oliva] I was only going to bother
talking to you about it
if he didn't come back
from his little outing.
But in Japan there's a practice
of cauterizing the skin with moxa
to stimulate energy channels.
[guard gasping nervously]
Resist all you want.
It'll just make me stronger, kid.
Leave 'em. I got this.
[guard] Huh?
-[Baki grunts]
-[clangs]
[all gasping in surprise]
[Baki] You had a big, flashy fight
with Mr. Guevaru two days ago,
and even though you're still
a bit beat-up and run-down from that,
you're probably thinking,
"My opponent's a kid. No problem."
You have no idea who you're dealing with!
[Oliva] Hmm?
I'll let it slide for today.
-So go grab some food and try again!
-[dramatic sting]
[all gasping in shock]
[warden] What's he thinking
talking to Mr. Unchained like that!?
[Baki echoing] So go grab
some food and try again!
[Oliva growling]
[grunting]
I get what you're sayin'.
[whoosh]
[chuckles] You know what,
you're absolutely right.
Now that you mention it,
I didn't get to eat breakfast today.
I guess that you could say I was careless.
[chuckles] That was some solid advice!
[laughing]
Well, I'm just looking out for you, buddy.
[chuckles] And besides,
since you're the original Mr. Unchained,
bothering to respond
to the challenges of a new Unchained,
especially one
who gave himself that title,
would be far beneath your dignity.
Right now,
it's a way better idea to hold back
and show how much prestige
you really have.
That's more or less
what's goin' on here, right?
I mean, no one wants to be controlled
by some brat like a puppet.
Ah, now what's the matter, young Baki?
All I said before was that I didn't get
a chance to eat breakfast this morning.
Nothing more than that.
But goin' on and on
about the original and the new Unchained,
you just don't seem like yourself today.
[smacks]
Hmm?
[Baki sighs] It doesn't matter, man.
To be completely honest,
I don't really care one way or the other
whether I go free or stay locked up.
I just wanted to show to the old man,
who mistakenly thinks
he's the most free person in the world,
that if I really wanted to,
even I could leave this place
just the same way as you can.
I mean, I don't feel like a captive.
And I don't think
I need to stay outside to prove it.
-[warden grunts]
-Let's go back in, Warden.
[chuckles] I mean, it's ridiculous.
I mean, not feeling like you're truly free
unless you're the most free
person in the world.
Just seems like it would
keep you all chained up.
[dramatic sting]
Poor thing.
Um…
So, uh, Mister…
I'll, uh… just put this
in the garage, okay?
[Oliva] Hmm?
Uh… the bike.
Oh.
-Don't worry, I'll take care of it.
-Uh, okay.
[dramatic music building]
So, uh…
[yells]
[grunts]
-[motorcycle crashes]
-[guards gasp]
Yeah, I was thinking
of trading it in, anyway.
[music rises, fades]
Actually, maybe
I'll just get a brand-new one.
[gentle piano music playing]
[Oliva] Every day.
Every single day.
No matter what else may happen,
every day,
I go to see Maria.
I might be known
as the strongest man in America,
or perhaps even
the most selfish man in America,
but this daily duty of mine,
this ritual,
is my only respite
from the rest of my burdens.
Looks like I'm three minutes early.
Sometimes it's hard to believe
that it's been over ten years
since we met.
And yet, I'm feeling as giddy
as if this were our very first date.
But I'll savor every moment,
as if it were the last day
that we might ever have together.
[knocking slowly on door]
[inhales slowly]
[exhales]
[knocking slowly on door]
Hmm?
Mm! There you are!
You're late, you know.
[Oliva chuckles softly]
Oh, honey, please forgive me.
I'm sorry.
I was so worried about being on time,
that I guess I forgot to consider
your feelings as closely as I should have.
I was simply careless.
I'm so sorry for that.
Mm?!
Oh, I see!
You want to try to beat me
at rock-paper-scissors. Is that it?
Just hurry up.
[Oliva] You know that I'm competitive,
especially when it comes to contests.
I'm the strongest in America,
even at rock-paper-scissors.
Come on, hurry up, already!
[laughs] All right, then! Here I go!
Ha-ha! Rock-paper-scissors!
Oh, darn it!
No, I lost!
I just couldn't decide
between throwing paper or rock.
All right now, this time for sure!
Rock-paper-scissors!
Oh! Come on, I lost again!
Man, I should have used paper!
Go!
[wails] Oh no! I threw rock!
I can't believe
that I just lost three in a row!
I was absolutely certain
that you were gonna use paper that time.
[mysterious music plays]
No matter how many times we do this,
-the winner is whoever we say it is.
-[wails] I shouldn't have used scissors!
All just a part
of the most ambiguous game in the world.
[Maria sighs deeply]
[gentle music playing]
Hmm?
[breathing softly]
[sighs, chuckles]
Mm. [chuckles]
[clicks]
Mm.
[Maria sighs happily]
Darling?
[Oliva] Huh?
[Maria] I know that I couldn't have won
even once tonight.
But the next time
I'm not gonna let you win.
[Oliva] The winner
is whoever we say it is.
It's all just a part
of the most wonderful game in the world.
[music fades]
[narrator] Solitary confinement,
also known as the Black Door.
In a sense,
it's where the lucky ones are held,
since they were captured
instead of being shot.
However, that being said…
[inmate] Boss! Boss!
Yeah, what?
[inmate 1] My shoulder!
My arm feels like it's about to fall off!
[whimpers] Please!
Please take off the finger-cuffs!
I promise I won't run away! Please!
Boss! Boss!
[inmate 2] Water!
Please, just one cup of water!
[inmate 3] How long will this go on?!
I'll never do it again! I promise!
[inmates pleading]
[snoring softly]
[door unlocking]
[door opening]
[continues snoring softly]
[footsteps approaching]
[Baki softly] Hmm?
Huh?
You seem to be doing really well.
I don't like to brag.
You know, Baki,
reality can be extremely harsh at times.
No matter how much
you may laugh at my lack of freedom,
or how loudly you profess
that you're comfortable here,
the reality is you're trapped.
And I am going to eat now.
It's a luxurious 100,000-calorie meal.
I always have such an appetite.
[chuckles] I'm guessing
that it must be tough on the cook.
My meal will be accompanied
by world-class wine.
For dessert, cognac served in a muskmelon.
For a digestif, the very best sherry,
and, of course, a cigar.
After I eat, I may head on out for a walk.
Or maybe I'll take a little nap
on my king-size bed.
[Baki chuckles]
[urine splashing]
[tense music playing]
[Oliva grunts]
[sighs deeply]
Chew on that a bit.
The stark differences
in our situations, I mean.
This is the Arizona State Prison.
This is my kingdom.
You know, Oliva, I can promise you this.
In the very near future,
you'll be grovelling before me.
And you'll be begging me to fight you.
-[Oliva] Hmm. Hmm?
-Begging me to accept your challenge.
[laughing]
[grunts in surprise]
[continues laughing]
[inhales sharply] Oh man, too funny.
Just too funny.
[sighs]
I always have such a good time with you.
Huh, you know, now that I think about it,
you, the most elite person in here,
just pissed all over a person
who isn't even able to move right now.
That's how different our situations are.
[chuckles softly]
You're the one on top, right?
And yet you're not laughing at all.
Not even a little bit.
[laughing]
Oh, what's wrong, Unchained?
Aren't you able to laugh anymore?
-[Oliva growls]
-[laughing]
[Baki laughing hysterically]
[hesitantly] Uh, excuse me, Mr. Unchained.
Look at what I found.
It's a 1985 Romanée-Conti Magnum.
It's one of the very best vintages
you can find.
Just this one bottle alone
is as expensive as a high-end luxury car.
[laughs] Isn't it just glorious?!
[cork pops]
[Oliva inhales]
Mm.
[swishing wine]
[swallows]
Ha, just as expected.
[chuckles] It's good, isn't it?
More than good.
It's an immaculate pinot noir
with a magnificent fruity palette.
Cask-aged, with an earthy nose
due to the rich soil
in which the grapes were grown.
And also a hint of herbaceousness
with a slight nuance of tobacco.
I only had one little sip,
but still, it's like listening
to a hundred-piece orchestra
performing at their absolute peak.
Despite its complex blend of flavors,
none of them are too overpowering.
Each one striking a distinct note
that stands out from,
and yet also blends in with,
all the other myriad tastes and aromas.
This is a perfectly balanced wine.
[gulps]
[gasps, grunts happily]
[glass clinks]
[Oliva] However,
what is it about this particular liquid
made from fermented grapes
that makes it worth 10,000 times more
than an everyday table wine?
Uh, Mister?
It's at most
11 or 12 times more delicious.
So the pleasure you get
from it's at most 14 or 15 times more.
[gasps]
-[dramatic sting]
-[glass clattering]
-[guards gasping]
-[intense music playing]
Get the warden on the phone.
[old man] Sorry, Baki.
I wanted to get you some ice,
but it wasn't meant to be.
[gulping]
[exhales]
So good.
[music fades]
[closing theme music plays]
Subtitle translation by: